                                                                                            Maheshwari Patent Solutions
                                                                       (A solution to all your Patent and Industrial Designs)

          “We provides design and illustration service for intellectual property patent drawings with high quality in an optimal time frame” 
                                                            

                                                                              Why Maheshwari Patent Solutions??

Think Ahead and Boost Your Business Growth with Maheshwari Patent Solutions.

Our goal is to provide the solutions to grow your business, from Good to Great. Our experienced team of Patent Drawings experts work around the clock providing you support even when your local business is at rest and not handling clients. Engage us to make your business, work while you are asleep.

Write to us and we shall connect you with our success stories.

Having STEP/IGES file? .. you're just $150 away to get 7 views of Design Patent Drawings with proper shading and consistency. (Highlight this)

Overview
Maheshwari Patent Solutions is Patent Drawings support services firm. Our approach is based on understanding a Client’s need, following a defined process, achieving the desired results and working towards continual growth of our clients. We works with Inventors, Patent Agents, Patent Attorneys, and Law Firms. Maheshwari Patent Solutions welcomes people with innovative ideas to pen down their thoughts & ideas into drawing format. Our team doing 100s of drawings everyday. Get a Quote and Get ADDICTED!


-Lowest Price
-24*7 Availability
-100% Satisfaction rate
- Quick Turnaround


Services -

Utility Patent Drawings.

Design Patent Drawings.

Utility Patent Drawings - 
Utility drawings should be reflection of various inventive features as mentioned in claims. All the features of the claimed invention should be clearly illustrated, and small parts must be labeled in sufficient detail to support the claims. The drawings should be labelled using leader lines and numerals. Text labeling is not permitted except in cases of block diagrams and flow charts. Also, the drawings should reflect all major type of views like Perspective view, Isometric views, Exploded views, Partial views and Sectional views.


Design Patent Drawings-
Design patent Illustrations protect the structural and ornamental appearance of a functional item as it appears to the eye of the consumer. An ornamental design may include Jewelry, Furniture, Beverage containers and computer icons. As the design patent drawings do not have reference numbers, unlike utility patent drawings, they should reflect the standard 7 views Top, Bottom, Front, Back, Left, Right and Perspective.


FAQs

Question - Should I go for utility or design patent drawings?
Answer - The answer depends on the type of protection you are seeking. If protecting functionality – Utility Patent, if appearance – Design.

Question - Can I get the drawings delivered the very next day?
Answer - Yes, that’s a RUSH project and comes with an additional fee.

Question - How can the objected drawings be corrected?
Answer - The objected drawings can be corrected by way of submission of Replacement sheets. Each re-submitted sheet should have a header ‘Replacement Sheet’ in the top margin of the sheet. PCT does not require to have such a header. The Drawings must be carefully reviewed before submission.

Question - How many drawings can a patent have?
Answer - There is no limitation on the number of drawings.

Question - What Payment methods can i use?
Answer - We accept PayPal account-based payment to secure your payment.

Question - Ready to sign Non-disclosure Agreement?
Answer - If you are placing the order then you can see our Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA). To protect the confidentiality of your invention you need to click on checkbox below the NDA it will get e-signed by both the parties and will get electronically executed. This will guarantee the protection/confidentiality of your invention.

Pricing- 

Design Patent Drawings 

Flat Fee/ $29 per Figure
No matter something together with complexness. 

Utility Patent Drawings 

Flat Fee/ $19 per Figure
No matter something together with complexness. 


Main Icons - 

1. Home (About) 
2. Samples
3. Services
 Utility Patent Drawings
 Design Patent Drawings
4. FAQ
5. Pricing
6. NDA
7. Contact
8. PayPal 



Our Contribution in Published Patents

3 pdf (Make it in front page at top, should be highlighted)















